1. indent 缩进

   >   File "hello_world.py", line 2    print(message)    ^ IndentationError: unexpected indent

2. syntax 语法

   >   File "/Users/bulingfeng/PycharmProjects/python-practice/test/python_test.py", line 41
   >     for name in name_list
   >                          ^
   > SyntaxError: invalid syntax

3. tuple 元组 assignment 分配

   >     fruit[0]='pear'
   > TypeError: 'tuple' object does not support item assignment

4. composed 组合的；evaluation 评估; relay 传播，转送

   >```java
   >/**
   >* Returns a composed function that first applies this function to
   >* its input, and then applies the {@code after} function to the result.
   >* If evaluation of either function throws an exception, it is relayed to
   >* the caller of the composed function.
   >*
   >* @param <V> the type of output of the {@code after} function, and of the
   >*           composed function
   >* @param after the function to apply after this function is applied
   >* @return a composed function that first applies this function and then
   >* applies the {@code after} function
   >* @throws NullPointerException if after is null
   >*
   >* @see #compose(Function)
   >*/
   > default <V> Function<T, V> andThen(Function<? super R, ? extends V> after) {
   >       Objects.requireNonNull(after);
   >       return (T t) -> after.apply(apply(t));
   >   }
   >```

5. The compiler **deduces** these types from context, using aprocess known as type inference。

6. **Omit** the types of all lambda parameters unless their presence makes your program clearer.  

7. One **caveat**  should be added concerning type inference  。

8. **Incidentally**, the comparator in the snippet can be made even more **succinct**  if a comparator construction method is used in place of a lambda .

9. The addition of lambdas to the language makes it practical to use function
   objects where it would not previously have **made sense**  

10. This is one of the many **predefined**  functional interfaces in  java.util.function  .

11. lambdas lack names and documentation; if a computation isn’t self-explanatory, or exceeds a few lines, don’t put it in a lambda. One line is ideal for a lambda, and three lines is a reasonable maximum.  

12. If you **violate** this rule, it can cause serious harm to the readability of your programs .

13. In summary, as of Java 8, lambdas are by far the best way to **represent**  small function objects  

14. remember that lambdas make it so easy to represent small function objects that it opens the door to functional programming techniques that were not previously practical in Java.  

15. The primary advantage of lambdas over **anonymous** classes is that they are more **succinct** 

16. Prefer method references to lambdas  

17. Here is a code snippet from a program that maintains a map from **arbitrary**  keys to Integer values.  