## 生活类

1. 给我倒杯水 Pour me a glass of water.
2. 我要去遛狗了 Off to walk the dog!
3. 我吃饱了 I'm full.
4. I'm stuck in traffic-我开车堵车了
5. I need to take a shower.



## 饮食方面

1. 一碗豆腐脑 A bowl of tofu pudding.
2. 红烧肉 Braised Pork Belly
3. 里脊 Pork Tenderloin
4. I want to eat a bowl of instant noodles.



People tend to do what they like to do rather than what they need to do.

How can I learn English well?

Are you walking the dog tomorrow morning, or am I?

“People always prefer to do useless things rather than doing things that are truly beneficial to themselves.”

"When eating at the company, it's necessary to line up."

"Pets and vehicles are not allowed in the park."

"Garbage collection station"

“I need to go throw out the trash.”

"Be civilized when taking the elevator: let people exit first before entering."

> /biː ˈsɪvəˌlaɪzd wɛn ˈteɪkɪŋ ðə ˈɛləˌveɪtər: lɛt ˈpiːpəl ˈɛgzɪt fɜrst bɪˈfɔr ˈɛntərɪŋ/

Call the police quickly.

“Can you vacuum the dog hair off the floor?”
> /kæn ju ˈvækjum ðə dɔg hɛr ɔf ðə flɔr/
Please turn on the air conditioner and set the temperature to 24 degrees.

Do not make loud noises and disturb others’ rest.

“Remember to lock the doors and windows to prevent items from being stolen.”

Getting a haircut in Hangzhou costs 48 yuan!

“I am shaving right now.”

> /aɪ æm ˈʃeɪvɪŋ raɪt naʊ/

“People nowadays always like to look at their phones while walking”

“I am currently in the planning phase of retirement. I am a loafer.”

> /aɪ æm ˈkɝrəntli ɪn ðə ˈplænɪŋ feɪz ʌv rɪˈtaɪərmənt. aɪ æm ə ˈloʊfər/

