1. you might think that anonymous classes are **obsolete** in the **era** of lambdas.
2. you can use anonymous classes to create instances of interfaces with **multiple** abstract methods
3. a lambda cannot obtain a reference to itself.
4. Lambdas share with anonymous classes the property that you can’t reliably serialize and deserialize them across implementations.
5. **you should rarely, if ever, serialize a lambda** (or an anonymous class instance).
6. If you have a function object that you want to make serializable, such as a Comparator,use an instance of a private static nested class.
7. as of Java 8, lambdas are by far the best way to represent small function objects. **Don’t use anonymous classes for function objects unless you have to create instances of types that aren’t functional interfaces**
8. remember that lambdas make it so easy to **represent** small function objects that it opens the door to functional programming **techniques** that were not **previously** **practical** in Java.
9. the primary advantage of lambdas over anonymous classes is that they are more **succinct**
10. Here is a code **snippet** from a program that maintains a map from **arbitrary** keys to Integer values
11. If the value is interpreted as a count of the number of instances of the key, then the program is a multiset implementation
12. The function of the code snippet is to **associate** the number 1 with the key if it is not in the map and to increment the associated value if the key is already present
13. In summary, method references often provide a more succinct **alternative** to lambdas. **Where method references are shorter and clearer, use them; where they aren’t, stick with lambdas.**
14. Now that Java has lambdas, best practices for writing APIs have changed **considerably**.
15. **wherein** a subclass overrides a *primitive method* to specialize the behavior of its superclass, is far less **attractive**
16. Choosing the right functional parameter type **demands** care.
17. If you were to **declare** such a functional interface
18. This will make your API easier to learn, by reducing its **conceptual** surface area, and will provide **significant** **interoperability** benefits, as many of the standard functional interfaces provide useful default methods.
19. There are forty-three interfaces in java.util.Function. You can’t be expected to remember them all, but if you remember six basic interfaces, you can **derive** the rest when you need them.
20. There are also three **variants** of each of the six basic interfaces to operate on the **primitive** types int, long, and double.
21. Their names are **derived** from the basic interfaces by **prefixing** them with a **primitive** type
22. This is the only **explicit** **mention** of the boolean type in any of the standard functional interface names
23. jsr=java specification requests.
24. **Use streams judiciously**
25. The streams API was added in Java 8 to ease the task of performing **bulk** operations, **sequentially** or in parallel
26. Common sources include collections, arrays, files, regular expression pattern matchers, **pseudorandom** number generators, and other streams
27. A stream pipeline consists of a source stream followed by zero or more **intermediate operations**  and one ***terminal operation*.**
28. The streams API is *fluent*: it is designed to allow all of the calls that comprise a pipeline to be chained into a single expression. In fact, multiple pipelines can be chained together into a single expression.
29. Making a pipeline execute in parallel is as simple as invoking the parallel method on any stream in the pipeline, **but it is seldom appropriate to do so**
30. There are no hard and fast rules for when to use streams, but there are **heuristics**.
31. There are several reasons that Comparator deserves its own interface.
32. **Rate** Limiting Defined
33. As our **reliance** on web applications and services grows, so does the risk of **cyber** attacks.
34. This technique can **keep cyber threats** at bay and maintain the stability of the system.
35. Overall, rate limiting is an important **mechanism** that helps ensure the security and reliability of computer systems, and it is commonly used in various applications, including web APIs, web servers, and network **infrastructure**.
36. Rate limiting is an essential component of any security strategy for practical application and system management. It helps prevent a wide range of malicious activities, such as DDoS attacks, brute force attacks, credential stuffing, inventory hoarding attacks, and data scraping, by limiting the number of requests or connections that can be made to an application or system.
37. 



## 2023-10-31

对读技术书也要使用八面受敌读书法，比如自己在看英文文档的时候，假如本次的学习重点是技术本身的内容，那么就不要太去纠结，自己不认识的单词和发音。都可以暂时先记录下来，后续再进行对单词进行熟悉和记忆。





```
docker run -p 6379:6379  -d redis:latest redis-server --appendonly yes
```

